# Angular Bootstrap Material Starter

Starter Angular Project with Bootstrap 4 and Angular Material components.

This project aims to utilize the beautiful and high quality components from the Angular Material repository and combine them with the flexibility and ease of use provided by Bootstrap 4.

Multiple themes can be easily created and lazy loaded into the app at runtime.

Theming is supported combining the Material color palettes with bootstrap utilities.

`bg-${color}` classes are generated by bootstrap and contrasting text color assigned based on Material palette.

Custom `text-default` and `bg-default` classes are generated to allow for easily switching between dark and light themes.

## Prettier

Prettier is used to automatically style code, files can be pretified automatically on save by using the included `.vscode/settings.json` file in this repo.

Additionally, the prettier npm module is included as a dependency to prettify staged files with a `pre-commit` hook.

Prettier is used on this project to ensure consistent coding style.

## TSLint

Similarly to Prettier, TSLint will try to auto-fix linting issues automatically on save using the included `.vscode/settings.json` file.

Running `npm run lint:fix` will also try to auto-fix any linting issues in the project.

There's a `pre-push` hook that will lint the project and prevent pushing if errors are present.

## Hooks

Hooks are ran using Husky to ensure code quality through the scaffolding of this project.

### pre-commit

Prettier will run as a `pre-commit` hook using `pretty-quick` on staged files.

### pre-push

Linting (no auto-fix) and tests will be run as a `pre-push` hook, if either of them fail pushing won't go through.

## VSCode

VSCode is recommended as the IDE for this project, included in this repo is `.vscode/settings.json` file with some basic settings to prettify and attempt to auto-fix lint issues with ease.

## Development server

Run `npm start` for a dev server and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
